@document.meta
title: deployment-research
description: A breif investigation into why the docker deployment is going wrong.
authors: Adam Kalinowski 
categories: [
	Deployment
	Mindscape
	Egg
	Golang
	Solid
	Docker
]
created: 2025-10-25T06:14:53-0500
updated: 2025-10-25T06:14:53-0500
version: 1.1.1
categories: [
	Deployment
	Mindscape
	Egg
	Golang
	Solid
	Docker
]
@end

This is a brief investigation into why my Mindscape docker deployment is failing on [coolify]{https://coolify.kalilarosa.xyz}.
The deployment seems to be failing at a certain point with in the build process. You see, a quirk about mindscape is the use of [Egg_CLI Framework]{https://github.com/adamkali/egg_cli}
With `egg_cli`, I wanted to quickly bootstrap my backend framework really quickly and it is an amazing success for me. 
It allows for dynamic yaml configuration of services and it is a great tool to have.
Now Mindscape is meant to be used in Homelabs/Personal Servers.
It is going to be a sort of home dashboard with a folder structure for links for developers or researchers.
** The Main Issue
   Because of the need to be deployed and have the Postgres database ready for use with the API; I need to be able to run migrations when the container starts.
   This means that the current use of injecting a `config/production.yaml` file is not going to work.
   This is because the `config/production.yaml` file is not going to be created until the container is started because coolify does not load in the config file from the persistant storage until the container starts. 
** The Solution
   There is a solution to this problem however. 
   When i was creating `egg_cli` I also made a solution to this problem for a convienence in testing with the use of generating a `config/production.yaml` file from environment variables. 
   So I have edited the dockerfile to use the environment variables to generate the `config/production.yaml` file.
   @code Dockerfile
   RUN ./egg_cli env -e production
   RUN if [ -f ./config/production.yaml ]; then echo "config/production.yaml generated successfully"; else echo "config/production.yaml generation failed"; exit 32; fi

   ## Run Migrations
   RUN ./mindscape db up -e production 

   ## Run the server
   CMD ["./mindscape", "-e", "production"]

   @end
   See [The Dockerfile for the Entire Context]{** Dockerfile}
** What Needs to be Done
   We will need to create a quick [Docker Compose File]{** Docker Compose File} to run the container.
   And have the environment variables loaded by using coolify's environment variable feature.
   What we will do is to create a an environment section of the Docker Compose File that loads in the environment when they are defined in the
   @code bash
   /project/{uuid}/environment/{uuid}/application/{uuid}/environment-variables
   @end
   page of the Coolify. 
   We can get the environment variables injected in and then use them to generate the `config/production.yaml` file using egg's `egg_cli env` command.

* References
** Dockerfile
   {/ ../../Dockerfile}
** Docker Compose File
   {/ ../../docker-compose.yml}

